Simplify by removing formats and registration (#114)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-h3-datagram: draft-ietf-masque-h3-datagram.md

* {{capsule}} introduces the Capsule Protocol and the "data stream" concept.
  Data streams are initiated using special-purpose HTTP requests, after which
  Capsules, an end-to-end message, can be sent.

>   * Datagram Capsule types {{datagram-capsule}} are defined, along with guidance
>     for defining new capsule types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * {{datagram-capsule}} defines Datagram Capsule types, along with guidance
    for specifying new capsule types.
```

HTTP/3 Datagram {
  Encoded Stream ID (i),
  [Context ID (i)],
  HTTP Datagram Payload (..),
}
~~~
{: #h3-datagram-format title="HTTP/3 DATAGRAM Format"}

Encoded Stream ID:

: A variable-length integer that contains an encoded value indicating the
client-initiated bidirectional stream that this datagram is associated with.
The Encoded Stream ID for a datagram without a context ID is the associated
stream ID divided by two. The Encoded Stream ID for a datagram with a context
ID is the associated stream ID divided by two, plus one. (Client-initiated
bidirectional streams have stream IDs that are divisible by four, so the
stream ID divided by two always has the least-significant bit set to zero).
The largest legal QUIC stream ID value is 2<sup>62</sup>-1, so the largest legal
value of Encoded Stream ID is (2<sup>62</sup>-1 / 2) + 1. Receipt of a frame that
includes a larger value MUST be treated as a connection error of type
FRAME_ENCODING_ERROR. A datagram without a context ID is implicitly using
a context ID of 0.

Context ID:

: A variable-length integer indicating the context ID of the datagram (see
{{datagram-contexts}}). Whether or not this field is present depends on whether

> the least-significant bit of the Encoded Stream ID, as described above. If the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the least-significant bit of the Encoded Stream ID is set, as described above. If the
```

receiver of a datagram does not support Context IDs, it will drop any datagram

> that contains a context ID.

Reviewer 2: Should we say something like: `If the Context ID field is not present, this datagram is associated with the default context (which has its Context ID set to 0).`

Author: ```suggestion
that contains a context ID. If the Context ID field is not present, this datagram
is associated with the default context (which has its Context ID set to 0).
```

~~~
HTTP/3 Datagram {

>   Encoded Stream ID (i),

Reviewer 2: Since we're changing the wire format, we need to bump the value of the SETTING

Author: Done!

  [Context ID (i)],
  HTTP Datagram Payload (..),
}
~~~
{: #h3-datagram-format title="HTTP/3 DATAGRAM Format"}

Encoded Stream ID:

: A variable-length integer that contains an encoded value indicating the
client-initiated bidirectional stream that this datagram is associated with.
The Encoded Stream ID for a datagram without a context ID is the associated
stream ID divided by two. The Encoded Stream ID for a datagram with a context
ID is the associated stream ID divided by two, plus one. (Client-initiated

> bidirectional streams have stream IDs that are divisible by four, so the

Reviewer 3: so what does a value of 0 mean?  why divisible by four, but only divide by two?  how is this related to the other simplifications?

stream ID divided by two always has the least-significant bit set to zero).
The largest legal QUIC stream ID value is 2<sup>62</sup>-1, so the largest legal

> value of Encoded Stream ID is (2<sup>62</sup>-1 / 2) + 1. Receipt of a frame that

Reviewer 3: Check operator precedence rules.  Also, I simplified this for you.

```suggestion
value of Encoded Stream ID is 2<sup>61</sup>. Receipt of a frame that
```

DPLPMTUD.

## Registering Datagram Contexts with Capsules {#register-capsules}

> Methods or protocols that support multiple datagram payload formats or

Reviewer: maybe qualify "methods or protocols" here?

Author: Qualified in the long form explanation

| Capsule Type                 |   Value   | Specification |
|:-----------------------------|:----------|:--------------|

> | DATAGRAM                     | 0xff37a1  | This Document |

Reviewer 2: Please don't change the value, that breaks backwards compatibility

Author: Whoops, fixed

In these examples, the client supports a CONNECT-UDP Timestamp Extension, which
uses a different Datagram Format Type that carries a timestamp followed by the
encapsulated UDP payload. Datagrams on the default context (0) are expected to
contain UDP payloads, while contexts established with the

> REGISTER_UDP_WITH_TIMESTAMP_CONTEXT capsule include a timestamp along with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
REGISTER_UDP_WITH_TIMESTAMP_CONTEXT capsule include a timestamp followed by the
```

  :scheme = https
  :path = /target.example.org/443/
  :authority = proxy.example.org:443
  Sec-UDP-Timestamps = ?1

           <--------  STREAM(44): HEADERS
                        :status = 200
                        Sec-UDP-Timestamps = ?1

STREAM(44): DATA               -------->

>   Capsule Type = REGISTER_UDP_WITH_TIMESTAMP_CONTEXT

Reviewer 2: In this example, the client wants to send the datagram without the extension to make sure that its first packet gets through to the target. Same for the next example below

Author: @DavidSchinazi I've updated the examples—now it just has a "supported extension" and "unsupported extension" case.

Reviewer: but if this is the support casem then wouldn't the server reply with `Encoded Stream ID = 23` and `Payload = Encapsulated UDP Payload With Timestamp`?

Reviewer 2: My comment still stands: the client is trying to send without the extension in its first flight

Author: It can! It was just getting long. I'll fix.

Author: Fixed

  :scheme = https
  :path = /target.example.org/443/
  :authority = proxy.example.org:443

>   Sec-UDP-Timestamps = ?1

Reviewer: nit: lowercase

```suggestion
  sec-udp-timestamps = ?1
```

Author: Fixed
